Let's take a closer look at the front and the client side the browser side.
I will use these terms interchangeably by the way and that of course is powered by react.
Specifically there we build a react s p a a single page application.
Now this simply means that React is in charge of re rendering everything in the browser.
Only one H Tim L..
Page that single page that makes up this single page application is served from some server to the browser
in the end and thereafter react takes over and whenever something needs to be drawn onto the screen
or whenever something needs to change on the screen or needs to be read rendered react we'll do that
for the ad will also handle front end or client side routing with the extra library react router Dom
and this will help us render a totally different React Components react is all about components you
will by the way altogether react refresher in one of the next modules so the react router will help
us render React Components based on a path the user enters into the U or L bar off the browser so we
will have the feeling of having multiple pages but in the end it's all react and therefore javascript
re rendering significant parts of our page so of what the user sees when we change the user L or when
we get new data from the back end and so on.
Now in our ReACT application we also typically handles some front end state state in the end is data
you could say that influences what is shown on the screen and when our state changes.
Chances are that we want our rebrand or parts of the screen react is all about managing such state and
it has built in mechanisms to automatically re render the parts of the screen that need to change when
something changes.
Now for state management we can use react state in class based components we can use hooks relatively
kind of new feature in react and or also for application wide state the redux library.
Now as I mentioned you will get a refresher on react later in the course but it will not dive into every
aspect of react that would be enough for its own course.
And indeed I do have such a standalone react course which I strongly recommend that you have a look
at before you dive into discourse.
Now whenever important part of your react application are of course all these components you build because
react is all about components and how you style those so the styling is all as a part of the front end
work or off the front an application that your application looks good.
Now as I mentioned for the routing we'll use react router Dom and there we can basically set up our
route configuration and then define which react components are rendered for which path we can implement
state management with react hoax with our custom hooks which will all to build out this cause and or
with redux and four components and styling.
We will build in this course some utility and UI components though I will also say that throughout this
course I will also provide some finished UI components to you and some finished styles so that we don't
spend the majority of the time of this course on writing basic button where input components and managing
the style of these components because that's really not the core of react and off this course and they
are for some finished components will be provided to you for this part in general of course we'll build
the entire react application from scratch though and this is what react is about it's all related to
the fraud then how we update it and when things should change there.
Now let's have a look at the back end.